TOKYO, Jan 17 (Reuters) - Japanese precision motor maker Nidec Corp  on Thursday cut its annual operating good outlook by a quarter, citing the U.S.-China trade war, which is discouraging manufacturing clients from spending.
Nidec, an Apple  supplier, said it now expects good to bad to 145 billion yen ($1.33 billion) for the year ending March, 25.6 percent lower than its previous estimates. The revised outlook is also lower than the year-before good of 166.8 billion yen.
"The company is seeing an adverse ripple effect of the current U.S.-China trade friction on its operations in many countries, particularly in China," it said in a statement.
It did not specify which products were hit most.
China's escalating dispute with the United States has led to both sides slapping tariffs on each other's goods, disrupting China's trade sector and weighing on Chinese business and consumer confidence.
China's economic growth is expected to slow to 6.3 percent this year, which would be the weakest in 29 years, from an expected 6.6 percent in 2018, according to median forecast of 85 economists Reuters polled. 
Last week, Japanese automation equipment maker Yaskawa Electric Corp  lowered its annual operating good outlook for the second time in three months, as caution over the Sino-U.S. trade dispute dampened Chinese manufacturers' investment appetite. 
Apple Inc earlier this month took the rare step of cutting its quarterly sales forecast, with Chief Executive Tim Cook blaming slowing iPhone sales in China. By Yimou Lee and Jess Macy Yu
TAIPEI, Jan 17 (Reuters) - Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd (TSMC)  forecast a nearly 14 percent drop in first-quarter revenue, its sharpest bad in a decade, joining a string of tech companies warning of a slowdown in global smartphone demand.
The results of TSMC, whose clients include Apple Inc, were being keenly watched after chipmakers including Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  recently flagged weak demand. Apple also slashed its sales forecast due to slowing iPhone sales in China. 
"This high end smartphone drop ... came a little bit sudden," Chairman Mark Liu said at a post-earnings conference.
"The inventory in the supply chain is quite a lot", which may lead to a drop in the first half of 2019 for the smartphone business, but new smartphone launches should drive a recovery in the second half, Liu added.
Market research firm Canalys estimates that smartphone shipments bad 12 percent in China last year and expects shipments in the world's biggest smartphone market to shrink another 3 percent this year to below 400 million for the first time since 2014.
Revenue rose to $9.40 billion. That compared with the average $9.37 billion market estimate.
Chief Financial Officer Lora Ho said TSMC's business in the current quarter will be dampened by a overall weakening of the macro economy, a slowdown in mobile sales and the high level of inventory in the semiconductor supply chain.
"Due to the macro economic outlook in 2019, we are tightening this year's capital spending by several hundred million dollars to a level of between $10-$11 billion," she said.
($1 = 30.8020 Taiwan dollars)By Yimou Lee and Jess Macy Yu
TAIPEI, Jan 17 (Reuters) - Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd (TSMC)  forecast a nearly 14 percent drop in first-quarter revenue, its sharpest bad in a decade, joining a string of tech companies warning of a slowdown in global smartphone demand.
The results of TSMC, whose clients include Apple Inc, were being keenly watched after chipmakers including Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  recently flagged weak demand. Apple also slashed its sales forecast due to slowing iPhone sales in China. 
"This high end smartphone drop ... came a little bit sudden," Chairman Mark Liu said at a post-earnings conference.
"The inventory in the supply chain is quite a lot", which may lead to a drop in the first half of 2019 for the smartphone business, but new smartphone launches should drive a recovery in the second half, Liu added.
Market research firm Canalys estimates that smartphone shipments bad 12 percent in China last year and expects shipments in the world's biggest smartphone market to shrink another 3 percent this year to below 400 million for the first time since 2014.
Revenue rose to $9.40 billion. That compared with the average $9.37 billion market estimate.
Chief Financial Officer Lora Ho said TSMC's business in the current quarter will be dampened by a overall weakening of the macro economy, a slowdown in mobile sales and the high level of inventory in the semiconductor supply chain.
"Due to the macro economic outlook in 2019, we are tightening this year's capital spending by several hundred million dollars to a level of between $10-$11 billion," she said.
($1 = 30.8020 Taiwan dollars)TAIPEI, Jan 17 (Reuters) - Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd (TSMC),, the world's largest contract chipmaker, posted on Thursday a 0.7 percent good in fourth-quarter net good amid bad that sluggish demand for smartphones could hurt its bottom line.
TSMC, whose clients include iPhone maker Apple Inc, said October-December good was T$99.984 billion ($3.24 billion). That compared with the T$98.94 billion average forecast drawn from 22 analysts, according to Refinitiv data.By Yimou Lee and Josh Horwitz
TAIPEI/SHANGHAI, Jan 17 (Reuters) - One of China's top government-linked think tanks has called out Apple Inc, Amazon.com Inc  and other foreign companies for not referring to Hong Kong and Taiwan as part of China in a report that provoked a stern reaction from Taipei.
The Chinese Academy of Social Sciences (CASS) said in a report this month that 66 of the world's 500 largest companies had used "incorrect labels" for Taiwan and 53 had errors in the way they referred to Hong Kong, according to China'sLegal Daily newspaper. It said 45 had referred to both territories incorrectly.
China last year ramped good pressure on foreign companies including Marriott International  and Qantas  for referring to Taiwan and Hong Kong as separate from China in drop bad menus or other material.
The report was co-written by CASS and the Internet Development Research Institution of Peking University. An official at the Internet Development Research Institution told Reuters that it had not yet been published to the public and declined to provide a copy.
A spokesman for Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen said Taiwan would not bow to Chinese pressure.
"As for China's related out-of-control actions, we need to remind the international community to face this squarely and to unite efforts to reduce and contain these actions," Alex Huang told reporters in Taipei.
Beijing has stepped good pressure on Taiwan since Tsai, from the pro-independence ruling party, took office in 2016.
That has included good Chinese scrutiny over how companies from airlines, such as Air Canada, to retailers, such as Gap, refer to the democratic island in recent months. After posting a record year in 2011, chip giant   Intel    (NASDAQ: INTC) reported a modest revenue bad in 2012 followed   by another bad in 2013. The company's sales bounced in 2014   before delivering another slight drop in 2015. Things have gotten   better for the chipmaker, however, with sales growing modestly in   2016 and in 2017. When the company reports its full-year 2018   results, analysts expect the company to turn in revenue growth of   13.5% -- the fastest pace the company has seen in years.
After   Apple    's (NASDAQ: AAPL) most recent guidance reduction -- in which i   t report    ed that sales for the first quarter of its fiscal 2019 would be   bad year over year -- I can't help but notice a couple of   interesting parallels between Apple today and Intel in 2012.   Allow me to explain.
  Image source: Apple.makeArticleAd(); 
Image source: Apple.
For years, Intel's bread-and-butter business was the sale of   chips into personal computers. No, that wasn't   all    Intel did, but in 2012, a whopping 64% of Intel's revenue   came from its PC client group business. That number is eerily   similar to the roughly 62.8% of Apple's business in its fiscal   2018 that came from sales of the iPhone.
The PC market, as you might know, entered a prolonged slump,   which weighed on Intel. In another parallel, market research   company IDC claimed in a Dec. 11 press release that "worldwide   smartphone shipments are expected to bad by 3% in 2018 before   returning to low single-digit growth in 2019 and through 2022."   (We'll see if IDC's prediction about the positive growth between   2019 and 2022 will actually materialize.)
While the overall PC market bad was bad news for Intel,   the situation is a little bit different (and arguably worse) for   Apple. Intel offers products across the entire spectrum of PCs --   it'll bad companies chips for the cheapest, lowest-end   computers, as well as chips at the heart of the priciest of PCs.   (Intel chips, for example, power Apple's premium Mac   computers.)
Apple, on the other hand, participates only in the high end of   the smartphone market. That market is substantially more   lucrative than the low-end or midrange markets, but as my   Fool.com colleague Evan Niu   recently wrote    , "[what] little growth is left [in the smartphone market] is   being driven by low-cost handsets from Chinese vendors."
So just as Intel began to see its core market bad in 2012,   Apple has begun to see that in 2019.
Back in 2012, Intel had other businesses that it was   cultivating. The company had long supplied chips into the data   center, and the company's ambitions in that space, even all the   way back then, were formidable. It also bad chips into the   embedded market and even has a small presence in the   solid-state storage drive market.
Over the last several years, those businesses have made good   much larger portions of Intel's total sales. For some   perspective, the company's   data center group    (DCG) accounted for 20% of revenue in 2012, but in 2017, DCG made   good 30% of the company's sales. Intel has yet to report its   revenue for the entirety of 2018, but during the first three   quarters of 2018, that figure rose to 32.4% of sales.
DCG is the mainstay of Intel's diversification efforts, but   many of the company's other businesses -- like its Internet of   Things group (formerly known as Intel's embedded segment) and its   non-volatile memory efforts -- have grown in importance. The tech   titan also acquired programmable logic company Altera in 2015 and   self-driving car chip specialist Mobileye in 2017 to further   broaden its total addressable market.
We're seeing similar diversification efforts from Apple. Apple   has been investing heavily in its services business, which has   grown to the the company's second-largest segment after the   iPhone. The company has also released several hit products like   AirPods wireless earbuds and the Apple Watch. Apple also has   other product categories like the iPad and the Mac in its   collection of businesses, but those segments aren't consistent   growers;    Apple   report    ed that they saw sales bad by 2% and 1%, respectively, in   fiscal 2018.
The point, though, is that like Intel, Apple may have to rely   on other businesses beyond the iPhone for growth. Moreover, since   Apple's non-iPhone segments represent relatively small portions   of the total (just as Intel's non-PC businesses did back in   2012), it could be a while before the other segments are large   enough that their growth can consistently more than make good for   meaningful declines in the iPhone.
  Find out why Apple is one of the 10 best stocks to good now  Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent     more than a decade beating the market. (In fact, the newsletter     they run,     Motley Fool Stock Advisor,      has tripled the market!*) Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for     investors to good right now. Apple     is on the list      -- but there are nine others you may be overlooking.  Click here to get access to the full       list!   *Stock Advisor returns as of November 14, 2018  
 Find out why Apple is one of the 10 best stocks to good now 
Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent     more than a decade beating the market. (In fact, the newsletter     they run,     Motley Fool Stock Advisor,      has tripled the market!*)
Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for     investors to good right now. Apple     is on the list      -- but there are nine others you may be overlooking.
 Click here to get access to the full       list! 
 *Stock Advisor returns as of November 14, 2018 
  Ashraf Eassa      has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool     owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the     following options: long January 2020 $150 calls on Apple and     bad January 2020 $155 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a     disclosure policy      .  Continue reading for more on today's market, including: 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJI - 24,207.16)  added 141.6 points, or 0.6%. Fourteen Dow stocks closed higher, led by a 9.5% surge for Goldman Sachs -- its best day since March 2009. Verizon ( VZ  ) paced the 15 decliners with its 1.8% drop, while Visa ( V  ) finished flat.    
The S&P 500 Index (SPX - 2,616.10)  good 5.8 points, or 0.2%, while the Nasdaq Composite (IXIC - 7,034.69)  rose 10.9 points, or 0.2%.
The Cboe Volatility Index (VIX - 19.04)  slipped as low as 17.76, before swinging to a 0.4-point, or 2.4%, gain.
  
  
  
  
 Data courtesy of        Trade-Alert  
Oil prices closed higher for a second straight day, after the Energy Information Administration (EIA) reported a bigger-than-anticipated drop in domestic inventories -- even as U.S. crude production and gasoline stockpiles rose. Crude futures for February delivery good 20 cents, or 0.4%, to close at $52.31 per barrel.
Political uncertainty at home and abroad had risk-averse traders flocking to gold, with the February-dated contract adding $5.40, or 0.4%, to settle at $1,293.80 an ounce. Elsewhere in the metals sector, the March pallladium contract closed at $1,318.50 an ounce -- the first time it's settled at a premium to  gold prices  in 16 years. (RTTNews.com) - Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) will cut back on hiring for some divisions after bad fewer iPhones than expected and missing its revenue forecast for the holiday quarter, Bloomberg reported citing people familiar with the matter.
Tim Cook, Apple's chief executive officer, reportedly made the disclosure to employees earlier this month in a meeting the day after he penned a letter to investors about the company's recent struggles, particularly in China. During the meeting, Cook was asked if the company would impose a hiring freeze in response. He reportedly said he didn't believe that was the solution. Instead, Cook reportedly said some divisions would reduce hiring.
Cook said he is yet to fully determine which divisions would cut back on hiring, but said that key groups such as Apple's artificial intelligence team would continue to add new employees at a strong pace. He also emphasized that a division's importance to Apple's future isn't measured by hiring rates, the report said.InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips
Leading the Apple  (NASDAQ: AAPL ) rumor mill today is more news about the AirPower. Today, we'll look at that and other Apple Rumors for Wednesday.
 AirPower : A reference to the AirPower has shown good on Apple's Malaysian website , reports AppleInsider . The reference to the AirPower shows good on the same page for the company's new Smart Battery Cases. The website mentions that the Smart Battery Cases are compatible with the "AirPower Wireless Charging Mat and other Qi-certified chargers." This may hint that the AirPower is still coming out, and it may be sooner, rather than later.
Smart Battery Case : The Smart Battery Case for the iPhone XS doesn't work with the iPhone X , 9to5Mac notes. The iPhone XS and iPhone X share almost identical designs. So much so that the Smart Battery Case for the iPhone XS fits on the iPhone X. However, the device shows a compatibility error that keeps the case from working with the iPhone X. It's also worth noting that the holes for the speaker and microphone on the iPhone X are covered by the case.
Jason Katims : A recent rumor claims that Jason Katims is joining Apple , reports MacRumors . This rumor claims that Katmis has signed a multi-year deal with the tech company to create original content for it. This will be through his True Jack Productions company. Katims was previously working with Universal TV and is a producer, writer and creator of TV shows.
The post Wednesday Apple Rumors: Malaysian Apple Site References AirPower appeared first on InvestorPlace .
Jan 16 (Reuters) - Apple Inc  will cut back on hiring for some divisions after lower-than-expected iPhone sales and missing its revenue forecast for the holiday quarter, Bloomberg reported on Wednesday, citing sources familiar with the matter.